README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src="./img/top_banner.gif" alt="CodingWithJiro GitHub Banner ">
</div>

# 👨🏻‍💻 About Me

🧠 A **self-taught frontend web developer** focused on building accessible, responsive, and user-friendly websites.

📚 I document and share **[every project](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/Projects)** I build here on GitHub ranging from **real-world web challenges** to **interactive educational tools**.

🎯 **Current goal:** Actively seeking a _frontend developer role_ and open to _freelance work_.

🚀 **Long-term vision:** Grow into _full-stack development_, _AI_, _systems design_, and _cloud architecture_.

# 💻 Explore My Work

Check out my **[Projects Hub](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/Projects)** which is a growing collection of all the websites, challenges, and mini-apps I’ve built while learning frontend web development.

Here are some of my **latest projects** (🌐 Live Demo · 💻 Source Code):

| TickTock [🌐](https://ticktock-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-clock)                                                                                             | JavaScript Fundamentals [🌐](https://javascript-fundamentals-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/w3schools-js-tutorial-clone-site)                                                                            | Keyboard Warrior [🌐](https://keyboard-warrior-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-drumkit)                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-clock/main/assets/img/site-preview-desktop_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://ticktock-jiro.netlify.app/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/w3schools-js-tutorial-clone-site/main/img/site-preview-desktop-dark_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://javascript-fundamentals-jiro.netlify.app/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-drumkit/main/assets/img/site-preview-desktop-dark_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://keyboard-warrior-jiro.netlify.app/) |
| _Search a location's current date and time!_                                                                                                                                                               | _A technical and interactive documentation W3Schools JS Tutorial clone site!_                                                                                                                                                         | _A fun drum beats app inspired from Wes Bos' #JavaScript30 course!_                                                                                                                                                       |

| TickTock [🌐](https://ticktock-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-clock)                                                                                             | JavaScript Fundamentals [🌐](https://javascript-fundamentals-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/w3schools-js-tutorial-clone-site)                                                                            | Keyboard Warrior [🌐](https://keyboard-warrior-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-drumkit)                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-clock/main/assets/img/site-preview-desktop_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://ticktock-jiro.netlify.app/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/w3schools-js-tutorial-clone-site/main/img/site-preview-desktop-dark_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://javascript-fundamentals-jiro.netlify.app/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-drumkit/main/assets/img/site-preview-desktop-dark_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://keyboard-warrior-jiro.netlify.app/) |
| _Search a location's current date and time!_                                                                                                                                                               | _A technical and interactive documentation W3Schools JS Tutorial clone site!_                                                                                                                                                         | _A fun drum beats app inspired from Wes Bos' #JavaScript30 course!_                                                                                                                                                       |

# 🛠 Tech Stack

[<img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
[<img alt="CSS3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
[<img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[<img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />](https://git-scm.com/)
[<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white" />](https://github.com/)
[<img alt="Netlify" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Netlify-00C7B7?style=flat-square&logo=netlify&logoColor=white" />](https://www.netlify.com/)
[<img alt="VS Code" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[<img alt="Figma" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Figma-F24E1E?style=flat-square&logo=figma&logoColor=white" />](https://www.figma.com/)
[<img alt="Markdown" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Markdown-000000?style=flat-square&logo=markdown&logoColor=white" />](https://www.markdownguide.org/)

# 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=CodingWithJiro&style=flat-square&color=CC0022" alt="Profile views"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/CodingWithJiro?label=Followers&style=flat-square&color=CC0022" alt="GitHub Followers"/>
</p>

![Elmar's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-codingwithjiro.vercel.app/api?username=CodingWithJiro&show_icons=true&show_prs=true&title_color=FF0033&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=00E0FF&bg_color=0D0D0D&cache_seconds=1800)

![Elmar's Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats-codingwithjiro.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=CodingWithJiro&layout=compact&langs_count=6&title_color=FF0033&text_color=FFFFFF&bg_color=0D0D0D&cache_seconds=1800)

# ⚙️ Learning Progress

I'm actively following this **[frontend developer roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/frontend)** to guide my learning. Since then I have been exposed to multiple relevant documents that helped me where I am today.

**Here's a snapshot of my current progress:**

[![Frontend Roadmap](https://img.shields.io/badge/progress-9%25%20complete-blueviolet?style=flat-square&color=CC0022)](https://roadmap.sh/frontend?s=67de4dc78342031660de72cc)

[![roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/card/wide/67de4dc78342031660de72cc?variant=dark)](https://roadmap.sh/u/elmarchavez)

I also enjoy solving code challenges in **[Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/CodingWithJiro)** to further level up and polish my programming skills!

**Here's my current rank:**

<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/CodingWithJiro" target="_blank">
<img src="https://www.codewars.com/users/CodingWithJiro/badges/large" alt="Elmar Chavez's Codewars rank and points" />
</a>

<br>

I also follow the latest tech trends and web development in **[daily.dev](https://daily.dev/)**. I read an article or two that interests me whenever I need a breather from actual coding.

**Here's my personal statistics from daily.dev:**

<a href="https://app.daily.dev/elmarchavez" target="_blank">
<img src="./devcard.png" width="356" alt="Elmar Chavez's Dev Card"/>
</a>

# 🤝🏻 Connect with Me

Let’s build something awesome together!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elmar-chavez/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:chavezelmar03@gmail.com)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro)

✨ Twitter link to be updated

# ☕ Support My Journey

If my GitHub helped you in some way, consider supporting me:

[<img alt="Buy Me a Coffee" src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" height="35" width="147" />](https://buymeacoffee.com/)
[<img alt="Ko-fi" src="https://cdn.ko-fi.com/cdn/kofi3.png?v=3" height="35" width="147" />](https://ko-fi.com/)

✨ Links to be updated

Commit message:

docs: update fourth project as No One Asked

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src="./img/top_banner.gif" alt="CodingWithJiro GitHub Banner ">
</div>

# 👨🏻‍💻 About Me

🧠 A **self-taught frontend web developer** focused on building accessible, responsive, and user-friendly websites.

📚 I document and share **[every project](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/Projects)** I build here on GitHub ranging from **real-world web challenges** to **interactive educational tools**.

🎯 **Current goal:** Actively seeking a _frontend developer role_ and open to _freelance work_.

🚀 **Long-term vision:** Grow into _full-stack development_, _AI_, _systems design_, and _cloud architecture_.

# 💻 Explore My Work

Check out my **[Projects Hub](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/Projects)** which is a growing collection of all the websites, challenges, and mini-apps I’ve built while learning frontend web development.

Here are some of my **latest projects** (🌐 Live Demo · 💻 Source Code):

| TickTock [🌐](https://ticktock-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-clock)                                                                                             | JavaScript Fundamentals [🌐](https://javascript-fundamentals-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/w3schools-js-tutorial-clone-site)                                                                            | Keyboard Warrior [🌐](https://keyboard-warrior-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-drumkit)                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-clock/main/assets/img/site-preview-desktop_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://ticktock-jiro.netlify.app/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/w3schools-js-tutorial-clone-site/main/img/site-preview-desktop-dark_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://javascript-fundamentals-jiro.netlify.app/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-drumkit/main/assets/img/site-preview-desktop-dark_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://keyboard-warrior-jiro.netlify.app/) |
| _Search a location's current date and time!_                                                                                                                                                               | _A technical and interactive documentation W3Schools JS Tutorial clone site!_                                                                                                                                                         | _A fun drum beats app inspired from Wes Bos' #JavaScript30 course!_                                                                                                                                                       |

| No One Asked [🌐](https://no-one-asked-fcc-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/freecodecamp-js-no-one-asked)                                                                                      | JavaScript Fundamentals [🌐](https://javascript-fundamentals-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/w3schools-js-tutorial-clone-site)                                                                            | Keyboard Warrior [🌐](https://keyboard-warrior-jiro.netlify.app/) · [💻](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-drumkit)                                                                                          |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/freecodecamp-js-no-one-asked/main/assets/img/site-preview-desktop-dark_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://ticktock-jiro.netlify.app/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/w3schools-js-tutorial-clone-site/main/img/site-preview-desktop-dark_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://javascript-fundamentals-jiro.netlify.app/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodingWithJiro/wesbos-js-30-drumkit/main/assets/img/site-preview-desktop-dark_1440x960.png" alt="Project preview." width="400">](https://keyboard-warrior-jiro.netlify.app/) |
| _Get a random advice, copy it or share it in X!_                                                                                                                                                                          | _A technical and interactive documentation W3Schools JS Tutorial clone site!_                                                                                                                                                         | _A fun drum beats app inspired from Wes Bos' #JavaScript30 course!_                                                                                                                                                       |

# 🛠 Tech Stack

[<img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
[<img alt="CSS3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
[<img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[<img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />](https://git-scm.com/)
[<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white" />](https://github.com/)
[<img alt="Netlify" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Netlify-00C7B7?style=flat-square&logo=netlify&logoColor=white" />](https://www.netlify.com/)
[<img alt="VS Code" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[<img alt="Figma" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Figma-F24E1E?style=flat-square&logo=figma&logoColor=white" />](https://www.figma.com/)
[<img alt="Markdown" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Markdown-000000?style=flat-square&logo=markdown&logoColor=white" />](https://www.markdownguide.org/)

# 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=CodingWithJiro&style=flat-square&color=CC0022" alt="Profile views"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/CodingWithJiro?label=Followers&style=flat-square&color=CC0022" alt="GitHub Followers"/>
</p>

![Elmar's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-codingwithjiro.vercel.app/api?username=CodingWithJiro&show_icons=true&show_prs=true&title_color=FF0033&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=00E0FF&bg_color=0D0D0D&cache_seconds=1800)

![Elmar's Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats-codingwithjiro.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=CodingWithJiro&layout=compact&langs_count=6&title_color=FF0033&text_color=FFFFFF&bg_color=0D0D0D&cache_seconds=1800)

# ⚙️ Learning Progress

I'm actively following this **[frontend developer roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/frontend)** to guide my learning. Since then I have been exposed to multiple relevant documents that helped me where I am today.

**Here's a snapshot of my current progress:**

[![Frontend Roadmap](https://img.shields.io/badge/progress-9%25%20complete-blueviolet?style=flat-square&color=CC0022)](https://roadmap.sh/frontend?s=67de4dc78342031660de72cc)

[![roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/card/wide/67de4dc78342031660de72cc?variant=dark)](https://roadmap.sh/u/elmarchavez)

I also enjoy solving code challenges in **[Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/CodingWithJiro)** to further level up and polish my programming skills!

**Here's my current rank:**

<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/CodingWithJiro" target="_blank">
<img src="https://www.codewars.com/users/CodingWithJiro/badges/large" alt="Elmar Chavez's Codewars rank and points" />
</a>

<br>

I also follow the latest tech trends and web development in **[daily.dev](https://daily.dev/)**. I read an article or two that interests me whenever I need a breather from actual coding.

**Here's my personal statistics from daily.dev:**

<a href="https://app.daily.dev/elmarchavez" target="_blank">
<img src="./devcard.png" width="356" alt="Elmar Chavez's Dev Card"/>
</a>

# 🤝🏻 Connect with Me

Let’s build something awesome together!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elmar-chavez/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:chavezelmar03@gmail.com)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/CodingWithJiro)

✨ Twitter link to be updated

# ☕ Support My Journey

If my GitHub helped you in some way, consider supporting me:

[<img alt="Buy Me a Coffee" src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" height="35" width="147" />](https://buymeacoffee.com/)
[<img alt="Ko-fi" src="https://cdn.ko-fi.com/cdn/kofi3.png?v=3" height="35" width="147" />](https://ko-fi.com/)

✨ Links to be updated
